1. Sharp Develop - SharpDevelop is a free IDE for  Microsoft’s .NET platform, with support for all .NET programming languages. SharpDevelop is regularly updated, with Beta 3 of SharpDevelop 5 released in April 2014.  It’s designed to be a competitor to industrial-strength IDEs but without the added weight of unnecessary features, aiming instead to offer a pure .NET IDE.

2. Eclipse - Many development frameworks are built on Eclipse, a free, open-source editor that was initially a Java environment but a variety of plug-ins have extended its capabilities considerably. The Eclipse Standard 4.3.2 version, for instance, includes the Eclipse Platform along with the tools required to debug it, plus Java and Plugin Development Tooling and Git and CVS support. If your requirements are different, you can choose from a variety of Eclipse Package Solutions, including tools for Java developers, Scout Developers, RCP and RAP Developers and more.

3. Sublime Text - Sublime is a beautiful cross-platform code editor. It is fast and feature rich, with support for practically every programming language. It supports multiple selections, code folding, keyboard bindings, macros, split screen editing and projects. Sublime Text also has a fullscreen and distraction-free modes, which look great on big displays.

4. Komodo - Komodo is a comprehensive IDE that supports all major programming languages, providing a single tool that meets your development needs across the spectrum. Whether you’re working with Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, HTML, CSS or JavaScript, Komodo provides a clean, intuitive interface with advanced editing capabilities and integrated tools for the most functionality.  

5. Coda 2 - Coda 2 is a refreshed version of the original, with the same Editor, Terminal, CSS, Files and other essentials you demand for building functional web applications, enhanced with a slew of additional features and a streamlined, refreshed user interface to make your workspace a stress-free, usable oasis. Coda 2 packs more than 100 new features than the original. A lightweight, simple code editor, Coda 2 offers multiple plug-ins for extending capabilities.